I utilized Reddit and the PRAW package in order to gather and parse new Reddit posts from the mechmarket subreddit. Then, I implemented NLTK to determine the general sentiment of the post. By developing this program, I aimed to create an efficient method to quickly display offers on products that I am interested in. I also aimed to figure out the ideal amount to low-ball the poster based upon the positivity of their post. 
 
To continue, the main data structures that I used to accomplish this goal were dictionaries and lists. In particular, the dictionaries are the backbone of my program and facilitate all of the data transmission between functions. Originally, instead of utilizing dictionaries, I used two separate lists with corresponding values. Using the separate lists increased the complexity of the program which made me ultimately decide to find a better solution, which turned out to be a dictionary. 

I found the most notable algorithm to be the calculator. This was able to determine the optimal price when given the listing price and the poster’s attached message. First, I utilized the Sentiment Intensity Analyzer algorithm to determine the poster’s emotions. Then, I created an arbitrary formula to calculate the ideal cost decrease. The formula developed is: originalCost - ((originalCost/2)*(happiness on a scale of 0-1)). In hindsight, more thought could have been put into the development of this theorem which would have greatly increased the effectiveness of its cost cuts. 
 
Interestingly, when I was creating an algorithm that would determine the optimal price cut, I discovered that out of fifty tested Reddit posts, the average happiness level of posters was 0.183 on a scale of 0 to 1. When I saw this number, I was shocked. Typically Reddit has a reputation for negativity, but the relatively small amount of data collected could have been the cause of this diversion from expectation. 
 
This bot has successfully bid on multiple items of my interest immediately as they were being posted. This gives me a major advantage over other potential buyers who often compete to make the first offer on a highly demanded good. In addition, the low ball offers were effective and saved me just over $10 on the first purchase it made. 
 
Overall, I believe this project was a success and I plan on utilizing it in the future when I am looking to purchase high demand luxury keyboard parts from the Subreddit. Developing an automated system to test the bot locally would have made development much faster in comparison to the method I used to create the bot. Before I started, I wish I knew how often Reddit posters neglect to abide by the seller guidelines. They often neglect to include pricing or misspell product names, which can have detrimental effects on the bot. If I had another opportunity to recreate this bot, rather than having the bot respond to the posting programmatically, I would have the bot prompt the user to enter a message once a new listing is found. This would greatly decrease the unpredictability of the bot and resolve many of the issues revolving around the wording of the Reddit post.
 

