**Project Write-Up and Reflection**
*Project Overview [maximum 100 words]: what data source(s) did you use and what technique(s) did you use to analyze/process them? What did you hope to learn/create?*

    For our project, we decided to use Zillow.com as our source. To access the data on zillow.com, we utilized the technique of web scraping. From there, we organized and manipulated the data using dictionaries, lists, and arithmetic functions. Within the property value list that we developed, we enacted the split, replace, and append functions. All in all, we hoped to create a list of the average property values for each zip code in Boston that would update with each new property listed on zillow.com.

*Implementation [2-3 paragraphs]: describe your implementation at a system architecture level. You should NOT walk through your code line by line, or explain every function (we can get that from your docstrings). Instead, talk about the major components, algorithms, data structures, and how they fit together. You should also discuss at least one design decision where you had to choose between multiple alternatives, and explain why you made the choice you did.*

    In order to achieve our desired result of a summary table containing the average property values of each Boston neighborhood, we implemented various components and structures. The first step we had to address was importing necessary libraries and APIs to make our code work for anyone. Selenium is an API that we elected to use to establish a web driver function so that the script will take control of the user’s Chrome browser to properly web scrape zillow.com. BeautifulSoup4 is a Python library used for extracting data from HTML and XML files. We used this as a component of our web scraping tool in conjunction with the web driver. The last critical import was time, which we used to call the sleep function to keep the program open in chrome webdriver long enough (four seconds) for each page on zillow.com to fully load. 
    In terms of data structures, we chose to utilize a combination of lists and dictionaries. We used the first list, called zip codes, to aggregate all of the Boston neighborhood zip codes. The second list, value_list, temporarily stored the property values in a given zip code. The last list we created was mean_list, which performs arithmetic functions to determine the average property value for each zip code. Our dictionary, property_value_dict, then brought together these two lists setting the key to be the zip codes and the values to be the average property values that we calculated in the mean_list.
    One design decision where we had to choose between multiple alternatives was our initial choice to analyze Zillow, rather than a site with a functioning API. Zillow normally has an API available for analysis, however, it is not currently in service. Instead, we opted to web scrape and continue with Zillow rather than pivoting to a different site because we were genuinely interested in the analytics surrounding property values in the Greater Boston Area.

*Results [2-3 paragraphs + figures/examples]: presents what you accomplished. If you did some text analysis: what interesting things did you find? Graphs or other visualizations may be very useful here for showing your results. If you created a program that does something interesting (text synthesizer): be sure to provide a few interesting examples of the program’s output.*

	As Babson students, studying only 30 minutes away from the beautiful city of Boston, we all agreed this project would be a great opportunity to learn more about the city before graduating. We all have a strong interest in real estate and agreed to create a program where we could get more insight on the property values of different zip codes -- specifically after being aware that the COVID-19 pandemic had a big impact on the value of land. This information does not only satisfy our curiosity but it can help us choose an area in Boston to live in if we end up deciding to work here -- which all three of us have an interest in. If we choose another city in the United States, we could still use these numbers to get an idea of how much the most -- and least -- expensive areas of a metropolitan area are
	Before running the program, we all guessed that the most expensive areas of Boston would be Back Bay and Seaport and the least expensive areas would be South Boston and Dorchester. From our data, we found that, currently, the top three zip codes in Boston with the highest average property value are 02108 (with an average property value of $5,251,761), 02115 (with an average property value of $2,937,142), and 02199 (with an average property value of $2,888,666). The neighborhoods in these zip codes are called Beacon Hill, West Fenway/Kenmore Square, and Prudential, respectively. We were close when we guessed Back Bay because Beacon Hill borders Back Bay although we were surprised to learn that the average property value is over five million dollars.  We believe that this is because Beacon Hill has Beacon Streets and a part of Charles Street which border Boston Common -- Boston’s central public garden -- and are full with well-known (and mostly, expensive!) restaurants, stores, and exercise studios. We could also tell that the average property value of West Fenway is the second on our list because it is home to two famous properties: the Boston University campus (one of Boston’s most prestigious universities) and the Fenway stadium (home of the Boston’s red sox). The third on our list, Prudential, is the easiest to decipher. It is home to the Prudential Tower -- the 2nd tallest building in Boston. At the base of the Prudential Tower is Prudential Center, an enclosed urban shopping mall full of luxury stores including Swarovski Canada Goose, Saks Fifth Avenue, Lululemon, and Sephora -- amongst others. 
	On the other end of the spectrum, the three zip codes with the lowest average property value are 02151 (with an average property value of $554,180), 02152 (with an average property value of $630,883) and 02113  (with an average property value of $678,200). The neighborhoods in these zip codes are called Revere, Winthrop, and North End, respectively. None of us had heard of the first two neighborhoods but we had heard of North End -- which we were surprised to find at the bottom of the list given it is one of the top places to visit in Boston as it is composed of multiple Italian restaurants ran by Italian-heritage families that migrated to Boston years ago for a better opportunity. Both Revere and Winthrop are not in the central Boston area but are located beyond the Boston Logan Airport. Although convenient to be so close to the airport, both neighborhoods are far away from the busy, expensive, metropolitan area of Boston which, in comparison to the other zip codes, bring their value down. Our curiosity drove us to research further and we found out that the median household income from the top three zip codes ranged from $96,900 to $109,716. In contrast, the median household income of the bottom three zip codes range from $51,000 to $64,550. This shows there is a linear relationship between median household income and average property value. 

    This is an example of the web driver controlling the user’s Chrome page...currently, the program is running through the 02110 zip code - the waterfront district of Boston - and aggregating the list of properties currently for sale there. 

Here is the link for our codes output: https://imgur.com/zYL5Fol
Here is the link for a picture of our code working: https://imgur.com/MRbhfiB

*Reflection [1 paragraph]: from a process point of view, what went well? What could you improve? Other possible reflection topics: was your project appropriately scoped? Did you have a good plan for unit testing? How will you use what you learned going forward? What do you wish you knew before you started that would have helped you succeed? Discuss your team process in your reflection: how did you plan to divide the work (split by task, always pair program together, etc.) and how did it actually happen? Were there any issues that arose while working together, and how did you address them? What would you do differently next time?*

    The positive parts of working on this project were that, although learning how to web scrape seemed scary at first, it ended up being a bit more simple and less tedious than we thought. Also, even though we all have a hard time writing pseudo code and putting our process into words, we put a lot of effort writing pseudo code for each line of our code so our user understands what the code does. Lastly, we found it was fun to see our code work! Some of the conflicts we faced were first, as mentioned above, Zillow’s API was down for maintenance so we had to web scrape instead. Second, we encountered that if we ran the code too many times in a row it stops working and prompts you to confirm you are not a robot. Lastly, since Cristina was working on this on a Mac, we had trouble running the program on her computer but worked together to help her figure it out. One thing we could have done to make this program more inclusive is make it so that it can read other cities the user desires -- not only Boston. Our team processes went really well. We met first to discuss the different options of websites and data sources we could scrape. We wanted to challenge ourselves with one website that wasn’t listed by Professor Li and that is part of the reason we chose Zillow (besides the fact that we possess an interest for real estate). After picking Zillow, we did pair programming together. After the code was done, we met again to make sure the code ran properly in each of our computers. In that meeting, we split up the reflection and that we each contributed separately. In conclusion, we believe this project was a building block that will help us be successful with our final project. 
